Ashwin-RM
Basic Functionality of the application Moneyfy App is a financial tracking app that is efficient in tracking expenses and income which should be manually entered by the user.

Findings from Charter

Did everything work as expected? 

Short Answer "No". But most of the features works fine with some limitations and issues

Bugs discovered

Major issues

1) Whenever the user clears the data. The data is not clearing properly.
Steps to reproduce

Enable budget mode with some amount
Open settings --> Clear data
After clearing the data again enable budget mode
It should ask you to enter the budget but it is restoring the data.

2) User can save the backup data without having any name after the download the file becomes invalid

3) It is not clearing the budget added

4) If the free user deletes the categories it is not possible for them to add the categories again.

5) Unable to close the app (Unless it is force close) when you are on the introduction page and the user is unable to move back to the first slide after moving to the second.

6) If the user 10 + = in the calculator it is giving the value as 20. It should not return any response unless the second value is entered.

7) Changing of language doesn't work. Even when the user changes the language we can see English in many places.

8) When a customer is entering an amount in a specific currency then the user changes the currency. The amount should be based on currency conversion but it shows the same amount for new currency as well. It should not suppose to work in that way.

9 There is no way to see google analytics data

Note: Not sure if it is developed in that way

Minor Issues

1) Error message for format 26/03/22/22/22 in the calendar is not showing. For other irregular formats, it looks fine.

2) Inconsistency in swiping between the time interval on the home page.

3) Issues with entering text on the first day of the month and the first day of the week.

4) Error message stays longer if the user selects the button multiple times.

5) Each time the data is changing in the time interval menu "Choose a date"

Limitations/Drawbacks

1) Account is based on the play store, not on the app. If the customer is having multiple play store accounts he can access pro features only using the particular account which the user paid with.

2) User has to manually enter the income and expense

3) Notes are not having any character count restrictions

4) Name can be added even with Emoji

5) Not more than 999999999 amount can be added to the income/expense but the Initial account balance doesn't have any limitations

6) We will be unable to unmerge the account

Prioritization of the test

--> First of all priority of the test always goes to the Main functionality of the application - Smoke testing - if it doesn't work there is no point in testing further

--> Income, Expense, Balance screen, and Pro functionality are the high priority test rest all comes as medium and low priority test cases

Time planned

High-priority test cases are given around 2 to 3 hrs for testing. Rest all given half an hour

Risk needs to mitigate

Proper planning
Having proper impact analysis
Security testing
Performance testing
Planning for backup
